adventofcode2022/README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2022

## Progression and Navigation ![40%](https://progress-bar.dev/40)

| DAY                                                          | STARS | C#                            | Solution Description |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ----------------------------- | -------------------- |
| [Day 1: Calorie Counting](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/1) | ⭐️⭐️    | [Solution](./day01/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 2: Rock Paper Scissors](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/2) | ⭐️⭐️    | [Solution](./day02/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 3: Rucksack Reorganization](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/3) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day03/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 4: Camp Cleanup](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/4) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day04/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 5: Supply Stacks](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/5) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day05/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 6: Tuning Trouble](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/6) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day06/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 7: No Space Left On Device](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/7) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day07/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 8: Treetop Tree House](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/8) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day08/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 9: Rope Bridge](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/9) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day09/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 10: Cathode-Ray Tube](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/10) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day10/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 11](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/11)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 12](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/12)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 13](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/13)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 14](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/14)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 15](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/15)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 16](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/16)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 17](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/17)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 18](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/18)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 19](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/19)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 20](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/20)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 21](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/21)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 22](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/22)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 23](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/23)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 24](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/24)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 25](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/25)              |       |                               |                      |

Commit message:

aoc2022.day11: Commit puzzle solution

adventofcode2022/README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2022

## Progression and Navigation ![44%](https://progress-bar.dev/44)

| DAY                                                          | STARS | C#                            | Solution Description |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ----------------------------- | -------------------- |
| [Day 1: Calorie Counting](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/1) | ⭐️⭐️    | [Solution](./day01/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 2: Rock Paper Scissors](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/2) | ⭐️⭐️    | [Solution](./day02/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 3: Rucksack Reorganization](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/3) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day03/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 4: Camp Cleanup](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/4) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day04/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 5: Supply Stacks](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/5) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day05/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 6: Tuning Trouble](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/6) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day06/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 7: No Space Left On Device](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/7) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day07/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 8: Treetop Tree House](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/8) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day08/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 9: Rope Bridge](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/9) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day09/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 10: Cathode-Ray Tube](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/10) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day10/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 11: Monkey in the Middle](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/11) | ⭐️⭐️ | [Solution](./day11/Program.cs) |                      |
| [Day 12](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/12)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 13](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/13)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 14](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/14)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 15](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/15)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 16](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/16)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 17](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/17)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 18](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/18)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 19](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/19)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 20](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/20)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 21](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/21)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 22](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/22)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 23](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/23)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 24](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/24)              |       |                               |                      |
| [Day 25](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/25)              |       |                               |                      |
